hey people what has been going
welcome to the further video to grand
theft car 5 and today i want to talk about
some new waypoint speak themselves
since the latest patch at certain
coordinates in the game files of the game
gta 5 are located
here we can on the screenshot now
just the black point on the
ignore the left side that is quite
just the flat of franklin from the
story mode i'll get up on this
the blue wii points on the right
refer page
they are at the casino
first generally factor three to four
screenshots released by new ones
locations are now leaning on such
waypoint and these locations
were partly banks what again the
preparation for that means the incitement
that was also underlining , too
Jail with so many
waypoint has been located completely
just because there is a big one
Prison breakout mission will be with
that means it has to be at least since
The interview also bank robberies that
I summarized on a channel
have
and that was finally the case as well
casino there are probably some now
ask for what this waypoint
can stand I can also still
to summarize briefly
You can do many different things
represent what at 17 different
Score in one place as it is here
The case of the casino is also pretty
For example , it sounds plausible
But they are expanding their weapons
points for npcs as well they can
Destinations for NPCs represent ie
For example, if you are in a mission
can pursue a npc then that can
the destination of the mpc is where he goes
want to escape
In addition, the reports for
but functioning doors are also available
for other objects is the selection
so you can get that big
not exactly saying what is going on at casino
1 happens you can say for sure
that rockstar is about to do that
to upgrade casino it could
For example, the entrance doors to the well
people and furniture for interior decoration
already in planning
What is unclear if the casino with
the banks will come to one and
There even plays an important role
Holiday the casino later in the
game will follow
I definitely want to be more extreme
the casino are looking forward to the active gta
players have been waiting for half a year
or so that the casino finally
in the gta 5 online mode comes and
it's definitely slow now
time I think that would be in any case
a cool location where to go with you
could meet his friends and
slot machine roulette table and others
funny activities would be determined too
with the start writes your opinion to
casino in the comments what do you think
when will the casino come into play?
and look forward to that will open me
Everybody is interested in this event
liked the video then liked it around there
I already people and
viewer, observer
the
a young beauty